add 3.0 announcement to README (#9060)
RasaHQ/rasa: README.md

<hr />

<div align="center">

> 💡**Rasa Open Source 3.0 is coming up!**<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
💡**We are starting to work on Rasa Open Source 3.0!**<br>
```

Reviewer: I want to make sure we don't signal that 3.0 might be here sooner than it actually will be

Author: sounds good

> [2.8](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/milestone/39) will be the last minor in the 2.x series, as we need this _minor freeze_ to be able to introduce architectural changes. You can still contribute new features and improvements which will be released together with 3.0. Read more about [our contributor guidelines](#how-to-contribute).

Reviewer: > as we need this _minor freeze_ to be able to introduce architectural changes

What does this mean? It sounds like `minor freeze` is introducing architectural changes lol

Reviewer: I might add a sentence about having a number of release candidates (and maybe even alphas before then), so you will know well in advance to the 3.0 release

Author: I wanted to explain that the minor freeze gives us the flexibility we need to work the architectural changes into the codebase. Do you have a suggestion for formulating that? Or maybe it's not needed to explain the "why" here. I thought it'd be nice to explain to the community why this freeze happens.

for your second suggestion, sounds good. How about:
> We plan to ship alpha releases and release candidates over the next months in order to get early feedback. Stay tuned!

Reviewer: > Do you have a suggestion for formulating that? 

I think it's good to include. Just not straightforward atm. Perhaps something like... "last minor in the 2.x series, as we need to pause releasing minors while we work architectural changes in 3.0."

> We plan to ship alpha releases and release candidates over the next months in order to get early feedback. Stay tuned!

Sounds good! I might adjust slightly to "next few months"

Author: 👍🏻

<hr />

> <div align="center">

Author: I find the alignment a bit weird now that there is more text, I'll wait for Elise review 👁️ 
<img width="864" alt="Screenshot 2021-07-08 at 09 51 36" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1931615/124883994-27df3d80-dfd2-11eb-81ff-27eab54d10ff.png">

Reviewer 2: The centering causes a weird flow at certain widths, but the only alternative there is to remove the align attribute and let it align left 🤷🏻 ; otherwise for vertical spacing IMO it works better if you use a real heading tag and paragraphs, and remove the double line breaks, like this:

```md
<hr />

<div align="center">

#### 💡**Rasa Open Source 3.0 is coming up!**

[2.8](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/milestone/39) will be the last minor in the 2.x series, as we need to pause releasing minors while we work on architectural changes in 3.0. You can still contribute new features and improvements which we plan to release together with 3.0. Read more about [our contributor guidelines](#how-to-contribute).

We plan to ship alpha releases and release candidates over the next few months in order to get early feedback. Stay tuned!

</div>

<hr />
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1242864/125408773-897d1e80-e3bb-11eb-8fd9-fd675ae81d8b.png)

💡**Rasa Open Source 3.0 is coming up!**<br />

> [2.8](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/milestone/39) will be the last minor in the 2.x series, as we need to pause releasing minors while we work architectural changes in 3.0. You can still contribute new features and improvements which will be released together with 3.0. Read more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2.8](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/milestone/39) will be the last minor in the 2.x series, as we need to pause releasing minors while we work on architectural changes in 3.0. You can still contribute new features and improvements which will be released together with 3.0. Read more
```

Author: oups
